First Steps: Update Live Sample (#8335)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/Common/First Steps/25 Customize the App/05 Specify CSS Styles.md

DevExtreme components assign classes to nested elements. You can specify custom CSS styles for these classes to customize your app. For a list of common DevExtreme classes, refer to the following topic: [CSS Classes](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/CSS_Classes/).

This example applies rounded corners to the first and last rows of the DataGrid:

    <!-- tab: index.css -->
    #task-grid .dx-datagrid-headers, #task-grid .dx-datagrid .dx-datagrid-table .dx-header-row>td:first-child {
        border-top-left-radius: 8px;
    }

    #task-grid .dx-datagrid-headers, #task-grid .dx-datagrid .dx-datagrid-table .dx-header-row>td:last-child {
        border-top-right-radius: 8px;
    }

    #task-grid .dx-datagrid-rowsview {
        border-bottom-left-radius: 8px;
        border-bottom-right-radius: 8px;
        border-bottom-style: none;
    }

> DevExtreme ships with multiple CSS variables. These allow you to apply theme-dependent customizations. This example applies the `--dx-color-danger` variable to customize "delete" buttons in DataGrid rows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DevExtreme defines multiple theme-dependent CSS variables. You can use these variables to customize UI elements. This example applies the `--dx-color-danger` variable to "Delete" buttons in DataGrid rows:
```

    <!-- tab: index.css -->
    .dx-link-delete::before {
        color: var(--dx-color-danger)
    }

> This example also customizes row deletion dialogs:

Reviewer: Maybe we should include some information about what exactly these customizations do? What should I look for in the following code sample?

Author: Initially, I didn't add this info as the dialog is not prominently on display in the live sample. However, as these customizations are not that complex, we definitely can describe them in more detail. I have updated the text.

> Specify the following styles to hide the DataGrid header panel:

Reviewer 2: Maybe we can start with some general phrase, e.g. 'In many cases, you can use CSS classes to customize the appearance of components. In our example ....'
